---
title: Week 10 Session 1
published_at: 2024-10-4
snippet: Self Reflection/artist statement
disable_html_sanitization: true
allow_math: true
---

# Class activity
I recorded a conversation with a friend talking about reflections for A1-3.

# Homework
**Assignment 1 - Video Edit**

 • How did you approach the relationship between the sonic and visual components of 
your edit?
*After I took multiple video footage, I then look for and listen to endless list of music from Youtube Audio Library. Once I found the one that I like. I then edit the video to match with the music rtythm well. Other than music, I also have a sound effect and edit to match the tempo together with the video.*

 • How did you decide on the footage that you used to shape your project?
 *I make sure to use footages of an object or a scene that can be used to represnt a certain feeling and is possible for me to film. I rely on the camera angle, movement, and editing to expand further on those feelngs.*

 • What did you learn about the power of sound to shape emotional experience, and how 
did you apply this knowledge to your project?
*Sound is a really powerful thing to create or convy emotions. Each emotions created were depends on the rhythm, pitch, and pacing. I started the video using slower pacing, making overall video feel calm. Although, one of the parts in the video have a fast pacing to create a feelng of rush and contrats emotions.*

 • How does editing relate to the concepts of pacing and rhythm, and how did you use 
these concepts to shape your use of time in the project? 
*I included J cut and L cut making using sound to build tension until climax, when the pacing is fast and then slowly let go of it.*

 • Which parts of your personality, interests, past, and potential future did you choose to 
depict in your portrait? 
*My theme in the video gives more of a hopeful feeling, focusing more on the potential future, despite obstacles, and rising.*

• What were the primary aesthetic choices that you made to express those ideas in your 
work?
*Bright, quite vibrant, warm, and showing a simple scene in a complex way.*


**Assignment 2 - Graphic Icons**

 • How would you summarise your idea behind the suite of icons, and why did you choose 
the theme that you did? 
*I'm a fan of dreamy look and style which is why I picked dream. After that I brainstormed on what to use my icons for in the concept of 'dream'. I landed on 'dream generator' which can be cool to use an icon with and it makes sense for icons to be used with dreams.*

• Did you iterate through a series of approaches before settling on one? What changed 
across those iterations, and why did you choose the one that you ended up with?
*I drew multiple different styles and eventually picked the ones that I find to be the most possible to make a consistance style out of it.*

 • How did you translate your thumbnail sketches into the final flat designs in Illustrator? 
Was anything lost in that translation, or gained?
*A lot of the time, tiny details from sketches are lost, to simplify the final flat design further. However, some small graphic shapes like stars and water drop shape are being added to make each design seem like they are from the same family.*

 • How did you use colour to create a sense of unity and visual interest in the icons? Why 
did you choose the palette that you did?
*I used a similar tone of pastel color and analogous to create a sense of unity. However, I used different hue to communicate different emotions in each of the icons.*

 • How did the elements and principles of sound that you used in your audio design 
correspond to the elements and principles of design that you used in your visual design?
*I mainly focus on finding short and simple sound that either be a simplied sound version of the object in my icons or an imaginary sound that the object would create.*

 • How did you translate the prompt that you chose from an abstract idea to a set of 
concrete visual designs?
*Create a brainstorm and once I got a topic I create multiple sketches. Once I selected the one I like, I create a graphic of it and try different colors.*


**Assignment 3 - Virtual Environment**

 • How important was a working prototype to your design process? What did it offer that 
process? 
*I personally don't find prototype I created to be very useful since my environment have a simple layout and my top down map sketch works just fine. The most useful thing about my working prototype is that it can help to give a sence of scale. It can remind me to consider more on the sizing of each objects and moutains on tarrain.*

• How did your experience of designing and producing a three-dimensional environment 
differ from your experience of designing and producing a project in two-dimensional 
media?
*There have to thoughts and conciderations around the forced perspective. It can be use as an advantage to manipulate the enviroment to look bigger or smaller. However, it can also be annoying while placing an object in 3D space on a 2D screen. It might look normal in one angle but out of place in another due to lack of depth, so there need to be constant movement around the enviroment.*

 • What was the role of the virtual camera in your project, and how was it similar to and 
different from the role of the camera in Assignment 1?
*In A1 the creator have full control in what camera angle will be shown while in A3 it's the other way around, the player have full control. The similar thing is how both of these cameras have settings that can be changed, like zoom level and camera effects.*

 • How did you use sound in your project, and how was this similar to and different from your 
use of sound in Assignments 1 and 2?
*In all of the assigments, sounds are all used to enhance emotions futher, expanding from the visual. The different A3 has to A1 is that A3 is in a 3D space and sound can be set at a certain location in the space. It's entirely in player's control to get closer or further from the sound. While in a video form, the sound was fixed to what it is and there are no control or interations to the behaviour of sound from the viewer (accept for their output volume). For A3 and A2, sound in A2 are only for interactions while that is only a portion of A3. A3 can include different froms of sound such as interactions, 3D sound, diegetic and non-diegetic.*

 • How did you unify the different elements of your virtual environment under a certain theme 
or concept? How did your theme or concept evolve over the project’s development?
*I mainly look out for semi-realistic style for my enviroment. It can look realistic yet sstylized in a way, making the overall environment feel more dreamy.*

 • What did you discover through the process of play testing that you wouldn’t have 
discovered otherwise?
*I can notice the unintended areas where other players would walk to, understand how clear my path is, and see if others would understand my concept.*


**What kind of key words do you want the user to associate with the aesthetics of your webpage?**
Clean, simple, and dreamy.

**Who is the target audience?**
Could be young adult to teens, maybe around gen Y to gen Z. More specifically, It can be for a potential client or a creative studio.

**What features will your audience want to see in your final webpage design?**
Mainly images of my previous assigments, a description of it, and my artist bio.


**artist statement**

*What: What is this assignment about? What elements were used?*

*Why: Why was it done accordingly?*

*How: How was this portrayed*

*What doe it means to me overall*


*Assignment 1 - Rising*

What: This assignment involves creating a video montage representing myself or what I want to be. The video was taken on a smartphone and edited in Adobe Premiere Pro. It combined a range of filming and editing techniques to demonstrate the proficiency of this montage. The video is about rising to the top and the beauty of the journey.

Why: I aim to create an inspiring, uplifting video that shows how I want to improve myself and rise to the top. I also want to evoke a sense of hope and appreciation of beauty, which can give an idea of how I perceive the world.

How: This video includes different montages, such as falling leaves, the surrounding environments, and buildings. The sound is uplifting and matches the cuts. The footage remains at a lower angle but gradually rises to a higher angle, symbolising my goal to rise.

What it means to me: The visuals and sound of this video create a hopeful feeling, reflecting my personality to the viewer.


*Assignment 2 - Dreamtides*
What: This assignment is about creating flat design interactive icons based on a list of topics given in class. It involves learning and using Adobe Illustrator to create each icon and finding the right sound effect for the icon. The icons made are UI for an imaginary ‘Dream generator’.

Why: Similar to the concept of lucid dream. This ‘Dream generator’ can help the user to control what kind of dreams they would like to enjoy, just like watching visual media but in a dream. These icons are designed to help users identify quickly, what kind of dream genre they would like to have.

How: I mostly use curvy round shapes and pastel colour tones to create a soft, dreamy aesthetic. Similar styles of shapes, like stars and water drops, are consistently used throughout all the icons to create harmonious overall icons. Sounds are simple and short, often a simplified version of a sound emitted from the object in the icon or related to it.

What it means to me: It shows my imaginative thoughts of creating a scenario pairing the topic of dreams and icons together. It also shows my ability to make a harmonising design and ability to find matching sounds.


*Assignment 3 - Meadow Whispers*
What: This assignment is to create a navigable 3D digital environment about a meaningful change in my life using Unity 3D. It combined different models to create an environment. It started in a dark small classroom, then transitioned to a long aeroplane cabin and reached a beautiful wide landscape grass field.

Why: The environment replicates my feelings about my journey transition from Thailand to New Zealand. It shows my experience starting from being in a boring classroom in Thailand, then in a long plane flight and reaching a beautiful free space in New Zealand. The environment was supported by many different classical music to evoke emotions matching each area and create a sense of nostalgia.

How: I gathered models and assets and combined them to create an environment. For the classroom, I made it dark. For the aeroplane cabin, I duplicated it multiple times to make it long and for the field, I decorated trees and grass around it to make it visually appealing.

What it means to me: This shows my ability to replicate my feelings from the past in the form of a 3D environment and communicate to the player.
